what's worse a guy who clearly doesn't
care or one who pretends to care and
doesn't the best part about this is I
don't care about any CEO at all
I went to dinner with him a few times I
think it's part of the [ __ ] I'll
never watch it my life not even the [ __ ]
I'm in I think you're pathetic for ever
having watched it they want to know how
close you are with an easy on me a nice
young thick as thieves hey I'll show you
something
[Music]
let me see I've got me these really yeah
he bought me these for my birthday it's
kind of nice of them you know what I
will say this even though I'm leaning
towards Sara is the good guy in all this
he's never bought me shoes not once
and I mean that you see I think the
difference between you person who has
that question
and Onishi on is a difference of degree
not kind I think you being as interested
in this as you are are just as sick as
he is you think he's the devil he knows
better
he knows I'm far worse where was it oh
yes the ecology huh how you wanted to
start a ham how you ask Tony Cheon hey
give me the blonde one why don't we wait
for Sara you remember that remember when
you tried to offer me here I said no
because I have morals
mr. Mike she has [ __ ] BPD the psycho
[ __ ] that will come back to haunt you
was I right or was I right
huh I was right throwing all your
friends are in a bunch let me give you a
little lesson here little Aesop fable
huh they trying to please everyone you
end up pleasing no one that's where you
are you have nobody nobody but your
stupid [ __ ] Snorlax I'm gonna tell
the truth about everything I'm gonna
tell the truth about Anisha
about
you know all right sure I go to dinner
with the guy once a month sure but it's
only to tell pedo jokes you know and it
is expense that's it look at you what's
worse a guy who clearly doesn't care or
one who pretends to care and doesn't
I'll tell you this one this one right
here she's for the views I was doing it
for the views and then the next day I
care deeply and Chris Hanson just isn't
going about this investigation you want
to fight no you want to get the [ __ ] out
of my room right my that where I'm
starting to go fund me for new
headphones want me to beat you Joe broke
my headphones I'll beat you I'd go
funding you know they given you 15k in
the last three days you [ __ ] I need to
go fund me for new headphones a bunch of
is going to Sarah and Shiloh and Co 15k
new headphones and the other 18 to Chloe
is Chloe a girlfriend of the daughter
cells no yeah doesn't matter new
headphones I need new headphones
you broke my head you tell them what you
did with Seth Scher when he told you it
was gonna give it to the victims right
you said I'm not gonna give it bought a
burrito and why tell the truth the truth
tell the truth Oh big deal
I said Sarah's not brave who cares I
don't think she's brave I'm brave huh I
just left a 360 calm man sit on me
that's pray I remember when you called
it off with uh Denise yeah I said you
think he's guilty you said no it doesn't
matter
you said a lot of people do that's all
that counts to me consensus equals truth
I'm Billy the fridge I said okay I said
well I don't have an Internet you know I
don't really know anything about the
YouTube or the Twitter but if he did
those things I'm not gonna talk to him
much anymore maybe once a month for new
material that's it
and you said I don't care what you do
what kind of friend doesn't care what
kind of friends who spread and hangs out
with huh this is how you get brought
down Epstein this is how you get brought
down huh no morals none you only
morality you have this you worship the
cult of your own [ __ ] brain but I
think anything can be dropped out of
your life like that if you think that
it's going to take years and years of
healing and that the only way to get out
of the woods is to come back the exact
route you came in then you're gonna find
out you're right but that's the amazing
thing about the psyche sometimes you can
just heal not out of denial but out of
putting everything into perspective you
know if we could see on AC on as as big
a victim as Sarah is I think we would
come some way to growing but we're not
gonna do that we can't because of some
artificial constraints now that doesn't
mean you can't just strap a dick on
yourself or whatever they do nowadays
and call yourself a boy and get
respected as a boy if that gets your
jollies off you know more power to you I
think it's a great hobby it's one of the
best hobbies there is being grants I
wish I had a hobby so engrossing so
all-consuming people say you should say
I'm a freak because my hobbies freakin
and no matter how hard I fight City Hall
they will not make it okay in public but
what I'm saying is kai is a very gentle
young woman and she just means that
brought over would you let me [ __ ] Kai
she's technically a boy oh yeah that's
true yeah and that's her rule she says
you can [ __ ] all the boys you want I'm
like perfect thanks
thought I was gonna have a poignant
moment I think you know there's nothing
in there
I dig deep there's nothing there nothing
nothing at all just a boy that's a sick
thing I think there needs to be more
awareness for Psychopaths even in our
enlightened society there remains a
stigma attached to being an insensitive
[ __ ]
and I don't like that